New function: $getBanReason[] (#243)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/getBanReason.md

# $getBanReason[]
Gets the user's ban reason.

## Usage
```

> $getBanReason[User ID;(optional) Guild ID]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$getBanReason[User ID;(Guild ID)]
```

```

### Parameters

> - `User ID`: User to get ban reason
> - `Guild ID`: The server id to get ban reason of the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `User ID`: User to get the ban reason for
- `Guild ID`: The server id from which to get the ban reason. Optional
```
